projects/project-1.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Clinical Data Remediation
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../assets/css/style.css">

<div class="wrapper">
<a href="../projects.html">← Back to Projects</a>

# Clinical Data Remediation & Visualization

## Overview
Clinical datasets often contain missing values, placeholder symbols, and coded identifiers that reduce trust in reporting. This project focused on improving the quality and usability of diabetes-related clinical records to support stakeholder decision-making.

<hr>

## Problem
- High missingness in key clinical markers (e.g., A1C)
- Administrative placeholders mixed with true values
- Coded IDs that are not meaningful without mapping
- Inconsistent or confusing distributions across fields

<hr>

## Approach
- Standardized missing values and verified data types
- Mapped coded identifiers to human-readable descriptions
- Validated results using before/after comparisons and distribution checks
- Summarized improvements in stakeholder-friendly visuals

<hr>

## Tools
Python • SQL • Power BI • EDA • Data Quality Checks

<hr>

## Results & Impact
- Improved interpretability of key fields
- Reduced confusion caused by coded values
- Increased stakeholder confidence in reports and dashboards

</div>

Commit message:

Revise project-1.md for clarity and completeness
Enhanced project documentation by clarifying the overview, problem, approach, tools, and results sections. Added a dashboard screenshot for better visualization.

projects/project-1.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Clinical Data Remediation
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../assets/css/style.css">

<div class="wrapper">
<a href="../projects.html">← Back to Projects</a>

# Clinical Data Remediation & Visualization

## Overview
Improved the quality and usability of diabetes-related clinical records by resolving missingness, standardizing values, and converting coded identifiers into stakeholder-friendly labels for reporting.

## Problem
Clinical fields contained high missing values and coded IDs that reduced trust in dashboards and made analysis difficult for non-technical audiences.

## Approach
- Standardized missing values and validated data types  
- Mapped coded identifiers to meaningful descriptions (ID → label)  
- Validated improvements through before/after comparisons  
- Summarized results in stakeholder-ready visuals

## Tools
Python • SQL • Power BI • Data Quality Checks • EDA

## Results & Impact
- Higher clarity and interpretability of key fields  
- Reduced reporting confusion caused by codes/placeholders  
- Improved stakeholder confidence in analytics outputs

## Dashboard Screenshot
<img class="project-shot" src="../assets/img/project1-dashboard.png" alt="Project 1 dashboard screenshot">

</div>
