about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/style.css">

<div class="wrapper">

<div class="nav">
  <a href="index.html">Home</a>
  <a href="about.html">About</a>
  <a href="work.html">Work</a>
  <a href="projects.html">Projects</a>
  <a href="contact.html">Contact</a>
</div>

# About

Recent Data Science graduate with strong foundations in **Python, SQL, Power BI, and Tableau**. Experienced in academic and project-based work involving **data cleaning, exploratory data analysis, visualization, and introductory predictive modeling**.

I enjoy turning complex datasets into clear insights that stakeholders can act on.

<div class="kv">
  <div><strong>Focus</strong></div><div>Data Quality • BI Dashboards • Stakeholder Storytelling</div>
  <div><strong>Tools</strong></div><div>Power BI • SQL • Python • Excel • Tableau • Jupyter</div>
  <div><strong>Languages</strong></div><div>English (Highly Proficient) • Arabic (Native)</div>
</div>

<hr>

## Skills

**Programming & Data Tools**
- Python, SQL, Jupyter Notebook

**Analysis & Visualization**
- Power BI, Tableau, Microsoft Excel (Pivot Tables, Data Cleaning, Analysis)

**Professional Skills**
- Team Collaboration, Process Improvement, Training & Mentoring, Continuous Learning

<hr>

<div class="note">
<strong>Note:</strong> This portfolio is public. If you prefer, remove phone/address from <code>contact.md</code> before sharing your site.
</div>

</div>

Commit message:

Update About section with education and skills
Added educational background and skills to the About section.

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/style.css">

<div class="wrapper">

<div class="nav">
  <a href="index.html">Home</a>
  <a href="about.html">About</a>
  <a href="work.html">Work</a>
  <a href="projects.html">Projects</a>
  <a href="contact.html">Contact</a>
</div>

# About
I graduated from Bellevue University with a Bachelor’s degree in Data Science and also hold a Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems earned outside the United States, combining strong technical analytics skills with business and information systems knowledge.

Recent Data Science graduate with strong foundations in **Python, SQL, Power BI, and Tableau**. Experienced in academic and project-based work involving **data cleaning, exploratory data analysis, visualization, and introductory predictive modeling**.

I enjoy turning complex datasets into clear insights that stakeholders can act on.

<div class="kv">
  <div><strong>Focus</strong></div><div>Data Quality • BI Dashboards • Stakeholder Storytelling</div>
  <div><strong>Tools</strong></div><div>Power BI • SQL • Python • Excel • Tableau • Jupyter</div>
  <div><strong>Languages</strong></div><div>English (Highly Proficient) • Arabic (Native)</div>
</div>

<hr>

## Skills

**Programming & Data Tools**
- Python, SQL, Jupyter Notebook

**Analysis & Visualization**
- Power BI, Tableau, Microsoft Excel (Pivot Tables, Data Cleaning, Analysis)

**Professional Skills**
- Team Collaboration, Process Improvement, Training & Mentoring, Continuous Learning

<hr>

<div class="note">
<strong>Note:</strong> This portfolio is public. If you prefer, remove phone/address from <code>contact.md</code> before sharing your site.
</div>

</div>
